WIP: Docs for Proofreading tool (#6471)
scalableminds/webknossos: docs/data_formats.md

- Single-file images (tif, czi, nifti, raw)
- KNOSSOS file hierarchy 

> Note, for datasets in the Zarr, N5, Neuroglancer `Pre-Computed` or BossDB formats uploading and automatic conversion are not supported. Rather, directly stream them from an HTTP server or the cloud. See the page on [datasets](./datasets.md) for uploading and configuring these formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, for datasets in the Zarr, N5, Neuroglancer `Pre-Computed` or BossDB formats uploading and automatic conversion are not supported.
Instead, they can be directly streamed from an HTTP server or the cloud.
See the page on [datasets](./datasets.md) for uploading and configuring these formats.
```

i changed the sentence about the streaming a bit.

by the way, I prefer one sentence per line (the line breaks are not rendered by markdown anyway) for easier reviewing, diffing and inspecting the length of a sentence.
